Getstarted (#242)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: net/advanced-operations/working-with-documents/optimize-pdf-document/_index.md

We have two ways to work with images: reduce image quality and/or change their resolution. In any case, [ImageCompressionOptions](https://reference.aspose.com/pdf/net/aspose.pdf.optimization/imagecompressionoptions) should be applied. In the following example, we shrink images by reducing [ImageQuality](https://reference.aspose.com/pdf/net/aspose.pdf.optimization/imagecompressionoptions/properties/imagequality) to 50.

> It is also worth noting that this is an analog of JPEG quality, where value 0 is loss, and value 100 is the best quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ImageQuality` works similarly to JPEG quality, where value 0 is the lowest and value 100 is the highest.
```
